Made doc modifications to the exercise steps (#6)
ansible-community/katacoda-scenarios: fixing-a-bug/step4.md

  - mysql_user - fixed the module docs for the mysql_user module
EOF```{{execute}}

Finally, add the two files to git staging and commit the modification

```
git add changelogs/fragments/mysql_user_docs.yml plugins/modules/mysql_user.py
git commit -m "Fix mysql_user documentation" .
```{{execute}}

> More details regarding Changelog Fragment can be found [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/development_process.html#changelogs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details regarding changelog fragments can be found in the [documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/development_process.html#changelogs).
```
